# Daily Meeting: 20-12-2020

| Assistant  | Role  |  
|---|---|
|[Jeongyun Lee](https://github.com/jy-977) |UI developer(Dev)|
|[Marc Visa](https://github.com/mvp17) | General Expert(GE)|   
|[Ronnel Mattew](https://github.com/ron7858) | Fianancial Expert(FE) |  
|[Eyad Al Hafi](https://github.com/eyadfhafi) | Scrum Master(SM) |  

## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task  | Owner | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| _P1_ | API retiring date | All | Our api will be retired at the end of january,2021|
| _P2_ | Updates and estimations for issues| ALL | Decide who will update the isseus and put estmation|
| _P3_ | Task distribution | SM | distribute the task roughly|



## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|
| D | P1 : We have to discuss that more with the professor's | All | - |
| T | P2 : Every member should update and create an estimate time for his or her responsable issue| ALL | - |
| D | P3 : Yoon - Updating GUI / Ron : Financial part updates /Eyad : Runing alarm,creating survey | ALL | - |


T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information
