# Daily Meeting: 14-12-2020

| Assistant  | Role  |  
|---|---|
|[Jeongyun Lee](https://github.com/jy-977) | UI developer(Dev) |
|[Marc Visa](https://github.com/mvp17) | General Expert(GE)|   
|[Ronnel Mattew](https://github.com/ron7858) | Financial Expert(FE) |  
|[Eyad Al Hafi](https://github.com/eyadfhafi) | Scrum Master (SM) |  
## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task  | Owner | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| _P1_ | Discussion with Jordi regarding the API | Jordi has mentioned to provide suggestions | 
| _P2_ | Update daily scrum minutes on GitHub |
| _P3_ | Update the financial document ppt |



## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|
| D | P1 : Update presentation file as per 3rd sprint | To finish the presentation by this week for suggestions from Esteve |
| D | P2 : Merging of master branch |
| T | P3 : Have a meeting on Wednesday | ALL | 16-12-2020|


T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information