# Daily Meeting: 01-12-2020

| Assistant  | Role  |  
|---|---|
|[Jeongyun Lee](https://github.com/jy-977) | UI developer(Dev) |
|[Marc Visa](https://github.com/mvp17) | General Expert(GE)|   
|[Ronnel Mattew](https://github.com/ron7858) | Financial Expert(FE) |  
|[Eyad Al Hafi](https://github.com/eyadfhafi) | Backend Developer(DEV) / Scrum Master (SM) |  
## Problems/Difficulties
| Problem  | Task  | Owner | Description |
|---|---|---|---|
| _P1_ | Discussion on creating a survey | What to include in the survey? |
| _P2_ | Merging Alarm and Notifications together in user stories|
| _P3_ | velocity tracking | time management | 



## Actions
| Type  | Description  | Owner | Deadline |
|---|---|---|---|
| D | P1 : Professor's opinion of including more information in income for financial part |
| D | P2 : Summarizing long tables in financial part |
| T | P3 : Have a meeting tomorrow | ALL | 02-12-2020|


T: Task
D: Decision
I: Information